docs/about.md, before:

# Welcome

![Image title](images/branding/logo-black-transparent.png#only-light){ width="400"}
![Image title](images/branding/logo-white-transparent.png#only-dark){ width="400"}


Intelligent App Factory is open-source project provides detailed insights into how Intelligent Apps can be secured, developed, and architected at scale. 

If you are a developer, architect, and decision-maker understand the best practices for developing and deploying Intelligent Apps. 


While the current focus is on Azure solutions, we plan to expand to other hyper-scalers in the future.

## :simple-target: Project Goals
- [x] Aggregate information from various sources and present it in a user-friendly manner.
- [x] Prioritize the perspective of the contemporary Enterprise application developer and solution architect. The scope includes the development and production of intelligent apps, the prompting and fine-tuning of LLMs, and the use of AI cloud services, but does not extend to the training of new models.
- [x] Creation of a 'factory' to scale the learning and development of intelligent applications for organizations and individuals.
- [x] Promote the use of sustainable and ethical AI practices in the development of intelligent applications.

## Content

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :fontawesome-solid-graduation-cap:{ .lg .middle } __Getting Started__

    ---

    Learn how to develop, design, and manage Intelligent Apps.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: View](getting-started/overview.md)

-   :material-video-input-component:{ .lg .middle } __Components__

    ---

    Explore the different components of an Intelligent App.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: View](components/overview.md)

-   :fontawesome-solid-question:{ .lg .middle } __Concepts__

    ---

    Explore the different components of an Intelligent App.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: View](concepts/overview.md)

-   :material-tape-measure:{ .lg .middle } __Well-architected__

    ---

    Learn how to design and deploy well-architected Intelligent Apps.
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: View](well-architected-framework.md)

-   :octicons-cross-reference-16:{ .lg .middle } __Reference Architecture__

    ---
    
    Explore the different reference architectures for Intelligent Apps.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: View](reference-architecture/overview.md)

</div>

## Core Team & Contributors
- [Logan Talbot, Tech Lead & Senior Solution Architect @ Capgemini](https://logantalbot.com/)

Commit message:

chore: Update project goals and learning resources

docs/about.md, after:

# Welcome

![Image title](images/branding/logo-black-transparent.png#only-light){ width="400"}
![Image title](images/branding/logo-white-transparent.png#only-dark){ width="400"}


Intelligent App Factory is open-source project provides detailed insights into how Intelligent Apps can be secured, developed, and architected at scale. 

If you are a developer, architect, and decision-maker understand the best practices for developing and deploying Intelligent Apps. 


While the current focus is on Azure solutions, we plan to expand to other hyper-scalers in the future.

## :simple-target: Project Goals

- [x] Aggregate information from various sources and present it in a user-friendly manner.
- [x] Prioritize the perspective of the contemporary Enterprise application developer and solution architect. The scope includes the development and production of intelligent apps, the prompting and fine-tuning of LLMs, and the use of AI cloud services, but does not extend to the training of new models.
- [x] Creation of a 'factory' to scale the learning and development of intelligent applications for organizations and individuals.
- [x] Promote the use of sustainable and ethical AI practices in the development of intelligent applications.

## :material-eye-plus: Our Values

Our values guide our actions and decisions as we strive to succeed our project goals and deliver exceptional experiences to our community members:

-[x] Empowerment: We empower individuals and organizations to harness the power of intelligent apps and AI technologies to achieve their goals.
-[x] Education: We are committed to providing educational resources and training opportunities to help individuals and organizations build their skills in developing intelligent apps.
-[x] Innovation: We are committed to driving innovation in the field of intelligent applications, pushing the boundaries of what is possible and exploring new possibilities.
-[x] Community: We actively engage with the developer community, sharing knowledge and collaborating to drive innovation in the field of intelligent applications.
-[x] Responsibility: We take responsibility for the impact of our intelligent applications on society, ensuring that they are used ethically and responsibly.
-[x] Agility: We embrace change and adapt quickly to evolving market trends and community demands.

## Content

<div class="grid cards" markdown>

-   :fontawesome-solid-graduation-cap:{ .lg .middle } __Getting Started__

    ---

    Learn how to develop, design, and manage Intelligent Apps.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: View](getting-started/overview.md)

-   :material-video-input-component:{ .lg .middle } __Components__

    ---

    Explore the different components of an Intelligent App.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: View](components/overview.md)

-   :fontawesome-solid-question:{ .lg .middle } __Concepts__

    ---

    Explore the different components of an Intelligent App.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: View](concepts/overview.md)

-   :material-tape-measure:{ .lg .middle } __Well-architected__

    ---

    Learn how to design and deploy well-architected Intelligent Apps.
    
    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: View](well-architected-framework.md)

-   :octicons-cross-reference-16:{ .lg .middle } __Reference Architecture__

    ---
    
    Explore the different reference architectures for Intelligent Apps.

    [:octicons-arrow-right-24: View](reference-architecture/overview.md)

</div>

## Core Team & Contributors
- [Logan Talbot, Tech Lead & Senior Solution Architect @ Capgemini](https://logantalbot.com/)
